1. What is claimed: 1. A bone fixation instrument having a front end and a rear end spaced from the front end in a rearward direction, the bone fixation instrument configured to apply tension to a bone fixation member so as to tighten the bone fixation member about a target bone, the bone fixation instrument comprising: a grip configured to attach to a free end of the bone fixation member;a traveler that supports the grip such that as the traveler moves in the rearward direction, the grip moves along with the traveler in the rearward direction so as to increase tension in the bone fixation member when the grip is attached to the bone fixation member;a cutter arm that carries a cutter blade and is configured to move the cutter blade to a cutting position whereby the cutter blade severs the free end of the bone fixation member when the grip is attached to the bone fixation member;an actuator configured to be selectively independently coupled to the traveler and the cutter arm; anda toggle member movable between a first and a second position, wherein 1) when the toggle member is in the first position, the bone fixation instrument is in a tensioning mode whereby movement of the actuator causes the traveler to move in the rearward direction thereby increasing the tension in the bone fixation member when the grip is attached to the bone fixation member, and 2) when the toggle member is in the second position, the bone fixation instrument is in a cutting mode whereby movement of the actuator causes the cutter arm to move the cutter blade to the cutting position. 2. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 1, wherein when the bone fixation instrument is in the tensioning mode and the grip is attached to the bone fixation member, movement of the actuator causes the traveler to move in the rearward direction until the tension in the bone fixation member reaches a predetermined tension. 3. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 2, further comprising a force transfer member and a tension limiter coupled between the tension limiter and the traveler, wherein the force transfer member is coupled to the actuator when the bone fixation member is in the tensioning mode, and decoupled from the actuator when the bone fixation member is in the cutting mode. 4. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 3, wherein the deformation of the tension limiter causes the traveler to move rearward in response to movement of the actuator toward the second position when the tension in the bone fixation member is less than a predetermined tension, and does not cause the traveler to move in the rearward direction in response to movement of the actuator toward the second position when the tension in the bone fixation member reaches the predetermined tension. 5. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 3, wherein the tension limiter further causes the traveler to move in a forward direction opposite the rearward direction when the actuator moves from the second position toward the first position while the bone fixation instrument is in the tensioning mode. 6. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 3, wherein the tension limiter comprises a spring member connected between the actuator and the traveler, wherein movement of the actuator causes the spring member to flex and bias the traveler rearward under a biasing force when the bone fixation instrument is in the tensioning mode. 7. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 6, wherein the traveler moves rearward when the biasing force is greater than the tension in the bone fixation member. 8. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 7, wherein the traveler remains stationary when the biasing force is not greater than the tension in the bone fixation member. 9. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 5, wherein the grip interlocks with the free end of the bone fixation member while the grip moves in the rearward direction, and the grip rides along the free end of the bone fixation member when the grip moves in the forward direction. 10. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 1, wherein the actuator moves about a first axis when the bone fixation instrument is in the tensioning mode, and the actuator moves about a second axis that is spaced from the first axis when the bone fixation instrument is in the cutting mode. 11. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 10, wherein the actuator defines a slot that receives a pivot pin, wherein the pivot pin is in a first position when the bone fixation instrument is in the tensioning mode, and the pivot pin is in a second position spaced from the first position in the rearward direction when the bone fixation instrument is in the cutting mode. 12. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 1, wherein movement of the toggle member to the second position causes the actuator to abut the cutter arm when the bone fixation instrument is in the cutting mode. 13. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 1, wherein the actuator defines an actuation pin that is received in a slot of the force transfer member when the bone fixation instrument is in the tensioning mode, and is removed from the slot when the bone fixation instrument is in the cutting mode. 14. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 13, wherein the actuation pin abuts the cutting member when the bone fixation instrument is in the cutting mode. 15. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 14, wherein movement of the actuator causes the actuation pin to drive the cutting member to move the cutting blade to the cutting position. 16. A bone fixation instrument having a front end and a rear end spaced from the front end in a rearward direction, the bone fixation instrument configured to apply tension to a bone fixation member so as to tighten the bone fixation member about a target bone, the bone fixation instrument comprising: a grip configured to attach to a free end of the bone fixation member;a traveler that supports the grip such that as the traveler moves in the rearward direction, the grip moves along with the traveler in the rearward direction so as to increase tension in the bone fixation member when the grip is attached to the bone fixation member;a cutter arm that carries a cutter blade, the cutter arm configured to move the cutter blade to a cutting position whereby the cutter blade severs the free end of the bone fixation member when the grip is attached to the bone fixation member;an actuator configured to selectively pivot about a first pivot axis and a second pivot axis that is spaced from the first pivot axis, such that when the actuator pivots about the first pivot axis, the actuator causes a force to be applied to the traveler in the rearward direction, and when the actuator pivots about the second pivot axis, the actuator causes a force to be applied to the cutter member, thereby causing the cutter member to move the cutting blade to the cutting position. 17. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 16, wherein the actuator is configured to be selectively independently coupled to the traveler and the cutter arm. 18. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 16, wherein the actuator is coupled to the traveler when the actuator pivots about the first pivot axis, and the actuator is coupled to the cutter arm when the actuator pivots about the second pivot axis. 19. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 16, wherein the actuator is decoupled from the cutter arm when the actuator pivots about the first pivot axis, and the actuator is decoupled from the traveler when the actuator pivots about the second pivot axis. 20. The bone fixation instrument as recited in claim 16, further comprising a toggle member movable between a first and a second position, wherein 1) when the toggle member is in the first position, the bone fixation instrument is in a tensioning mode whereby movement of the actuator about the first pivot axis causes the traveler to move in the rearward direction until the tension in the bone fixation member reaches a predetermined tension when the grip is attached to the bone fixation member, and 2) when the toggle member is in the second position, the bone fixation instrument is in a cutting mode whereby movement of the actuator about the second pivot axis causes the cutter arm to move the cutter blade to the cutting position.