What is claimed is: 1. In a chassis for a motor vehicle comprising front and rear wheels, and suspension means and damping means for said wheels, said chassis comprising a central beam, having a length, and a plurality of support means attached respectively to opposite ends of said central beam and extending substantially perpendicular to a longitudinal direction of said central beam, said support means being adapted to carry said suspension means, the improvement wherein said chassis further comprises: at least two elongated hollow beams spaced from and attached to said central beam and extending substantially parallel to said central beam, wherein said at least two elongated hollow beams are attached to said plurality of support means, and wherein opposite ends of each of said at least two elongated hollow beams are deformable and extend beyond said opposite ends of said central beam at a front and a rear of said chassis; wherein said at least two elongated hollow beams extend along either side of said central beam; wherein said opposite ends of said at least two elongated hollow beams extend into said support means and beyond; wherein each of said opposite ends of said at least two elongated hollow beams comprises deformation initiating means in the longitudinal direction; and wherein said central beam has means for housing batteries. 2. The chassis according to claim 1, wherein each of said support means comprises a pair of two substantially parallel plates, only one of said plates being attached to one of said ends of said central beam and being separated from the other of said plates by spacers, there thus being first and second pairs of said plates. 3. The chassis according to claim 2, wherein said elongated hollow beams are fixed onto the plates by fastening means. 4. The chassis according to claim 1, wherein said elongated hollow beams have a circular section. 5. The chassis according to claim 1, wherein the central beam has the configuration of a hollow beam having a rectangular section, the major axis of said rectangular section extending perpendicular to a plane of the chassis. 6. The chassis according to claim 1, which is made of aluminium or of an aluminium alloy. 7. The chassis according to claim 2, wherein said first and second pairs of said plates are for mounting said suspension means and said damping means for said front and rear wheels, respectively. 8. The chassis according to claim 7, wherein one of the pairs of plates forms a cradle adapted to receive propulsion means for the vehicle. 9. In a chassis for an electrically propelled vehicle having a propulsion motor energized by batteries, said chassis comprising a central beam, having a length and a plurality of support means attached respectively to opposite ends of said central beam and extending substantially perpendicular to a longitudinal direction of said central beam, said support means being adapted to carry said suspension means, the improvement wherein said chassis further comprises: two elongated beams spaced from and attached to said central beam and extending substantially parallel to said central beam, wherein said two elongated beams are attached to said plurality of support means, wherein opposite ends of each of said two elongated beams are deformable and extend beyond the opposite ends of said central beam at a front and a rear of said chassis, and are deformable to absorb energy in case of a collision of the vehicle, wherein said two elongated beams extend along either side of said central beam; wherein said opposite ends of said two elongated beams extend into said support means and beyond; wherein each of said opposite ends of said two elongated beams comprises deformation initiating means in the longitudinal direction; wherein the central beam has a configuration of a hollow beam having a rectangular section, the major axis of said rectangular section extending perpendicular to a plane of the chassis, and wherein the central beam has means for housing said batteries (54). 10. A chassis according to claim 9, wherein the beam is made of aluminium or an aluminium alloy.