1. A machine for preparing and dispensing a beverage comprising: a main body containing a unit for preparing the beverage to be dispensed via an outlet to an external user-recipient at a user-recipient placement location;a beverage dispensing head that includes the outlet and that is movable relative to the main body inwards into the main body into a retracted head position and outwards from the main body into a deployed head position;a control unit for controlling the preparation unit to supply the beverage to the outlet; andthe control unit is configured to:maintain or leave the beverage dispensing head in its retracted position when the beverage preparation unit is not operated to process a liquid, the control unit configured to operate the preparation unit to prepare the beverage when the beverage dispensing head is in its deployed position; and/ormove the beverage dispensing head into its deployed position or maintain or leave it in this position only when the control unit operates the preparation unit to process a liquid for dispensing via the outlet. 2. The machine of claim 1, wherein the control unit is configured to operate the preparation unit to service the unit when the beverage dispensing head is in its deployed position. 3. The machine of claim 1, wherein the control unit is configured to operate the preparation unit to evacuate residual beverage when the beverage dispensing head is in its deployed position or when it is in its retracted position or when it is moved to the deployed position or when it is moved to the retracted position. 4. The machine of claim 1, wherein the beverage dispensing head is moved into its retracted position in an instance selected from the group consisting of: immediately at the end of servicing the beverage preparation unit;immediately at the end of preparing a portion of beverage by the beverage preparation unit or after a short period of time after the end; andin the absence of a detection by a sensor connected to the control unit of a user-recipient in the placement location. 5. The machine of claim 1, wherein the beverage dispensing head is moved into its deployed position: on a user-request of a beverage preparation or of a servicing of the preparation unit; and/oron a detection by a sensor connected to the control unit of a user-recipient in the placement location. 6. The machine of claim 1, wherein the beverage preparation unit has an ingredient mixing module which comprises a first part and a second part that are relatively movable. 7. The machine of claim 6, wherein the beverage dispensing head is mechanically connected or linked to one of the first and second parts that is movable in the main body so that the dispensing head is moved into: its deployed position when the first and second parts are relatively moved into the mixing position; andits retracted position when the first and second parts are relatively moved into the transfer position. 8. The machine of claim 7, wherein the beverage dispensing head and the one of the first and second parts are mechanically disconnectable so as to allow a relative movement of the first and second parts without moving the dispensing head. 9. The machine of claim 8, wherein the beverage dispensing head in the deployed position and the one of the first and second parts in the mixing position are mechanically disconnected to relatively move the first and second parts back and forth between the mixing position and the transfer position when a user requests the preparation of a further portion of beverage by the preparation unit: before the end of preparing a portion of beverage by the preparation unit; orwithin a short period of time after the end of preparing a portion of beverage by the preparation unit. 10. The machine of claim 8, wherein the control unit is configured to disconnect the dispensing head in its retracted position from the one of the first and second parts to relatively move the first and second parts into the mixing position and then to relatively move the first and second parts back into the transfer position. 11. The machine of claim 6, wherein the main body has a transfer channel for supplying an ingredient to the mixing module, the channel. 12. The machine of claim 11, which comprises a capsule loader associated with the transfer channel for loading a capsule, the capsule loader having:a capsule holding configuration for holding a capsule away from the mixing module; anda capsule releasing configuration for releasing the capsule in or into the transfer channel towards the mixing module. 13. The machine of claim 1, comprising a directing fluid guide upstream the outlet and downstream the preparation unit, the directing guide being configured to direct residual liquid from the preparation unit to a waste collector when the preparation unit is not operated to process a beverage. 14. The machine of claim 13, wherein the directing guide and the dispensing head are mechanically connected so that the movement of the dispensing head: from its retracted position into its deployed position is linked to or causes or is caused by a relative movement of the directing device into the dispensing configuration to direct fluid to the outlet; and/orfrom its deployed position into its retracted position is linked to or causes or is caused by a relative movement of the directing device into the collecting configuration to direct fluid to the waste collector. 15. The machine of claim 1, wherein the dispensing head is configured to: translate along a straight direction from the retracted position into the deployed position and vice versa, optionally the beverage preparation unit having an or the ingredient mixing module which comprises a first part and a second part that are relatively movable generally along the straight direction between a mixing position for mixing ingredients and a transfer position for inserting an ingredient and/or removing waste from the mixing module; and/ormove inwards into an outside housing or frame of the main body into the retracted position and outwards of the outside housing or frame into a deployed position.