1. A beverage preparation machine comprising a source of liquid and a dispensing outlet connected via a pump comprising: a chamber;a displaceable wall defining the chamber;an electric actuator driving the displaceable wall between a first position and a second position for causing an inflow of liquid from the source into the chamber and for causing an outflow of liquid from the chamber to the dispensing outlet; anda powering unit that comprises an electric power source and that is configured for supplying power to the actuator,the powering unit further comprises:a sensor; anda control unit connected to the sensor and to the electrical power source, the control unit being configured to control the power supplied to the actuator by the electric power source as a function of:the at least one measured parameter; anda desired liquid input into the chamber and/or a desired liquid output from the chamber. 2. The machine of claim 1, wherein the chamber has a pump inlet in fluidic connection with the source of liquid and a pump outlet in fluidic connection with the dispensing outlet, the pump inlet having an anti-return valve for preventing an outflow of liquid from the chamber via the inlet, the pump outlet having an anti-return valve for preventing an inflow of liquid into the chamber via the outlet. 3. The machine of claim 1, wherein the chamber comprises an upstream cavity with a pump inlet and a downstream cavity with a pump outlet, the first and second cavity being connected via an anti-return valve in the displaceable wall located between downstream cavity and the upstream cavity, the anti-return valve permitting a flow of liquid from the upstream cavity to the downstream cavity and preventing an opposition flow. 4. The machine of claim 1, wherein the actuator comprises a motor connected to the displaceable wall by a transmission. 5. The machine of claim 4, wherein the transmission comprises a gear arrangement. 6. The machine of claim 4, wherein the transmission comprises at least one chain or belt. 7. The machine of claim 1, wherein the control unit is configured to control the electric power source to supply a desired voltage to the electric actuator. 8. The machine of claim 1, wherein the control unit is configured to control the electric power source to supply a desired current to the electric actuator. 9. The machine of claim 1, wherein the control unit is configured to: carry out a comparison; andcontrol the power supplied to the actuator as a function of the comparison. 10. The machine of claim 9, wherein the control unit is configured to adjust: a voltage intake by the actuator from the power supply to ensure a desired current intake by the actuator derived from measuring with the sensor; and/ora current intake by the actuator from the power supply to ensure a desired voltage intake by the actuator derived from measuring with the sensor the voltage intake as at least one parameter. 11. The machine of claim 9, wherein the control unit is configured to take a safety measure when: the difference between the measured parameter and the predetermined reference exceeds a tolerance value; and/orthe measured parameter increases or decreases at a rate that is greater in absolute value than a predetermined threshold value. 12. The machine of claim 1, wherein the control unit is configured to interrupt the powering of the actuator hen the displaceable wall defining the chamber reaches an end wall of the chamber or a physically-determined or sensor-determined end position. 13. The machine of claim 1, wherein the pump is configured to drive the liquid from the source towards the outlet via a unit arranged to receive a beverage ingredient. 14. The machine of claim 13, wherein the control unit is configured to: carry out a comparison of the at least one measured parameter and a predetermined reference associated with the ingredient; andcontrol the power supplied to the actuator as a function of the comparison. 15. (canceled)