1. A device for mixing a soluble food or beverage ingredient and a diluent, the device comprising - a mixing chamber (13) having an inlet opening (17) for the ingredient, an inlet for the diluent and an outlet for the beverage or comestible food resulting from the mixing of the ingredient with the diluent,- means for generating a low pressure zone above the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13),the low pressure generating means comprising means for guiding an air stream across the inlet opening (17). 2. The device according to claim 1,wherein the air guiding means are arranged for guiding the air in a flow direction perpendicular to the center axis of the inlet opening (17), such that steam or other humidity from the interior of the mixing chamber (13) is sucked off through the ingredient inlet opening (17). 3. The device according to any of the preceding claims;wherein the low pressure generating means comprise means for guiding the air stream through an enlarged section (101) across the ingredient inlet of the mixing chamber (13). 4. The device according to any of the preceding claims,wherein the low pressure generating means can comprise guiding means guiding the air stream through a restriction before the air stream reaches the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13). 5. The device according to any of the preceding claims,wherein the air stream generating means comprise a blowing device (103) and/or a sucking device (103') for actively generating an air stream. 6. The device according to any of the preceding claims,wherein the air stream generating means comprise air stream separation means arranged for producing: - a first partial air stream (110) flowing across the ingredient inlet opening (17), and- a second partial air stream (111) directed towards the outlet of an ingredient reservoir (3) and/or ingredient dosing means (4) arranged above the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13). 7. The device according to any of the preceding claims,wherein a funnel (107) is provided between the reservoir and the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13), wherein at least a portion of the air stream is guided through the funnel (107). 8. A device for mixing a soluble food or beverage ingredient and a diluent,wherein the device comprises - a mixing chamber (13) having an inlet opening (17) for the ingredient, an inlet (18) for injecting the diluent and an outlet (20) for the beverage or comestible food resulting from the mixing of the ingredient with the diluent,- a reservoir (3) for the ingredient,- a dosing device (4) for dosing a portion of the ingredients into the mixing chamber (13),- air stream generating means, comprising blowing means, designed for generating an stream across the ingredient inlet opening (17) in order to produce a low pressure zone over the ingredient inlet opening (17), and- a controller (11) for synchronizing the operation of the blowing means and the operation of the dosing device such that the blowing means are not active when the dosing device allows an ingredient portion drop into the mixing chamber (13) through the ingredient inlet opening (17). 9. The device according to any of the preceding claims,wherein the inlet for the diluent is the same opening (17) as for the ingredient. 10. The device according to claims 1 to 8,wherein the inlet for the diluent is arranged separately to the opening (17) as for the ingredient. 11. A method for evacuating humidity in a device for mixing a soluble food or beverage ingredient and a diluent, the device comprising - a mixing chamber (13) having an inlet opening (17) for the ingredient, an inlet for the diluent and an outlet for the beverage or comestible food resulting from the mixing of the ingredient with the diluent, the method comprising the step of- generating a low pressure zone above the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13), the low pressure being produced by guiding an air stream across the inlet opening (17). 12. The method according to claim 11,wherein the air is guided in a flow direction perpendicular to the center axis of the inlet opening (17), such that steam or other humidity from the interior of the mixing chamber (13) is sucked off through the ingredient inlet opening (17). 13. The method according to claim 11 or 12,wherein the air is guided through an enlarged section across the ingredient inlet of the mixing chamber (13). 14. The method according to claim 11, 12 or 13,wherein the air stream through a restriction before the air stream reaches the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13). 15. The method according to any of claims 11 to 14,wherein the air stream is actively generated. 16. The method according to any of claims 11 to 15,wherein the air stream is divided into - a first partial air stream flowing across the ingredient inlet opening (17), and- a second partial air stream directed towards the outlet of an ingredient reservoir and/or ingredient dosing means arranged above the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13). 17. The method according to any of claims 11 to 16,wherein at least a portion of the air stream is guided through the funnel provided below an ingredient reservoir and over the ingredient inlet opening (17) of the mixing chamber (13). 18. A method for evacuating humidity in a device for mixing a soluble food or beverage ingredient and a diluent, the device comprising - a mixing chamber (13) having an inlet for the ingredient, an inlet for injecting the diluent and an outlet for the beverage or comestible food resulting from the mixing of the ingredient with the diluent,- a reservoir for the ingredient,- a dosing device for dosing a portion of the ingredients into the mixing chamber (13),comprising the step of: - actively generating an stream across the ingredient inlet opening (17) in order to produce a low pressure zone over the ingredient inlet opening (17),wherein the air stream is not generated in periods in which dosed ingredient drops into the mixing chamber (13) through the ingredient inlet opening (17).