1. A machine for preparing and dispensing a beverage comprising: a main body containing a unit for preparing the beverage to be dispensed via an outlet to an external user-recipient at a user-recipient placement location;an auxiliary body that is movable relative to the main body inwards into the main body into a retracted position and outwards from the main body into a deployed position;a control unit for controlling the preparation unit to supply the beverage to the outlet;a user-interface connected to the control unit; andthe user-interface is located on the auxiliary body and is movable therewith. 2. The machine of claim 1, wherein the user-interface comprises an apparent user-interface that is accessible to a user when the auxiliary body is in the deployed position and that remains accessible to a user when the auxiliary body is in its retracted position. 3. The machine of claim 1, wherein the user-interface comprises a retractable user-interface that is: retracted in the main body when the auxiliary body is in its retracted position; anddeployed out of the main body when the auxiliary body is in its deployed position,so that the retractable user-interface is accessible to a user in the deployed position and inaccessible to a user in the retracted position. 4. The machine of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary body forms the beverage dispensing head and wherein the control unit is configured to: maintain or leave the beverage dispensing head in its retracted position when the beverage preparation unit is not operated to process a liquid; and/ormove the beverage dispensing head into its deployed position or maintain or leave it in this position only when the control unit operates the preparation unit to process a liquid for dispensing via the outlet. 5. The machine of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary body forms the beverage dispensing head and wherein the control unit is configured to operate the preparation unit to: service the unit when the beverage dispensing head is in its deployed position; and/orevacuate residual beverage when the beverage dispensing head is in its deployed position, retracted position, or deployed position. 6. The machine of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary body forms the beverage dispensing head and wherein the beverage dispensing head is moved into its retracted position in an instance selected from the group consisting of: immediately at the end of servicing the beverage preparation unit;immediately at the end of preparing a portion of beverage by the beverage preparation unit or after a short period of time after the end; andin the absence of a detection by a sensor connected to the control unit of a user-recipient in the placement location. 7. The machine of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary body forms the beverage dispensing head and wherein the beverage dispensing head is moved into its deployed position: on a user-request; and/oron a detection by a sensor connected to the control unit of a user-recipient in the placement location. 8. The machine of claim 1, wherein the beverage preparation unit has an ingredient mixing module which comprises a first part and a second part that are relatively movable between a mixing position for mixing ingredients and a transfer position for inserting an ingredient and/or removing waste from the mixing module. 9. The machine of claim 8, wherein the auxiliary body forms the beverage dispensing head and wherein the beverage dispensing head is mechanically connected or linked. 10. The machine of claim 9, wherein the beverage dispensing head and the one of the first and second parts are mechanically disconnectable. 11. The machine of claim 10, wherein the control unit is configured to disconnect the dispensing head in its retracted position from the one of the first and second parts to relatively move the first and second parts into the mixing position. 12. The machine of claim 8, wherein the main body has a transfer channel for supplying an ingredient to the mixing module. 13. The machine of claim 12, which comprises a capsule loader associated with the transfer channel for loading a capsule, the capsule loader having:a capsule holding configuration for holding a capsule away from the mixing module; anda capsule releasing configuration for releasing the capsule in or into the transfer channel towards the mixing module. 14. The machine of claim 1, which has a directing fluid guide upstream the outlet and downstream the preparation unit, the directing guide being configured to direct residual liquid from the preparation unit to a waste collector when the preparation unit is not operated to process a beverage. 15. The machine of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary body is configured to: translate along a straight direction from the retracted position into the deployed position and vice versa; and/ormove inwards into an outside housing or frame of the main body into the retracted position and outwards of the outside housing or frame into a deployed position.