1. Multi-way valve device having a hollow body and an axially movable piston mounted inside the hollow body, the hollow body comprising at least one orifice for the inlet of a liquid solvent and at least two outlet orifices for the solvent, the movable piston is coupled with an axial movement measuring stem of a linear measuring element of a solid substance of comprising particles selected from the group consisting of grains, granules, and powder, the measuring stem being actuated by a mechanical actuator and associated with a return spring, and in that the movable piston is designed to move in one direction, freely, or against the pressure of the return spring, under the effect of the pressure of the liquid solvent applied at the inlet orifice to the movable piston, and in an opposite direction, under the effect of the pressure applied to the measuring stem by the return spring. 2. Valve device according to claim 1, wherein the movable piston comprises a piston head and a piston stem, the piston head comprises at least one internal channel so constructed and arranged to bring into communication at least one inlet orifice and at least one of the outlet orifices for a determined position of the movable piston. 3. Valve device according to claim 1, wherein the movable piston comprises a piston head and a piston stem, the piston head comprises a first internal channel so constructed and arranged to bring into communication a first inlet orifice and at least one of the outlet orifices for a determined position of the movable piston, and a second internal channel so constructed and arranged to bring into communication at least a second inlet orifice and at least one of the outlet orifices for another determined position of the movable piston. 4. Valve device according to claim 1, wherein the measuring stem is so constructed and arranged to slide in a hollow sheath which supports at least one reservoir for the storage of the solid substance having an outlet opening emerging into the sheath, the measuring stem comprising at least one peripheral groove so constructed and arranged to receive a single measure of the solid substance when the measuring stem is moved so as to position the peripheral groove opposite the outlet opening. 5. Valve device according to claim 4, wherein the sheath comprises at least one through-opening so constructed and arranged to allow a gas to pass through, when the measuring stem is in a determined position. 6. Valve device according to claim 3, wherein the measuring stem comprises at least two axially offset peripheral grooves, the a distance that separates the two peripheral grooves being substantially equal to a distance that separates the said outlet opening of the storage reservoir and the through-opening of the sheath. 7. Valve device according to claim 1, wherein the measuring stem is coupled to a plunger core of the mechanical actuator and comprises a bearing collar for the return spring. 8. Valve device according to claim 2, wherein the hollow body is closed, at one of its ends, by a closure end-piece, the length of the piston head is such that the first channel emerges into the second outlet orifice when the piston head is pressing against the closure end-piece. 9. Valve device according to claim 3, wherein the hollow body is closed, at one of its ends, by a closure end-piece, the length of the piston head is such that the second channel emerges into the second outlet orifice when the piston head is pressing against the closure end-piece 10. Valve device according to claim 1, wherein the movable piston, the measuring stem and the plunger core are placed coaxially. 11. Valve device according to claim 10, wherein the measuring stem and the plunger core are intergal. 12. Multi-way valve device having a hollow body and an axially movable piston mounted inside the hollow body, the body comprising at least one orifice for the inlet of a liquid solvent and at least two outlet orifices, the movable piston is coupled with an axial movement measuring stem of a linear measuring element of a solid substance consisting of particles, the measuring stem being actuated by a mechanical actuator and associated with a return spring and the movable piston can move in one direction, under the effect of the pressure of the liquid solvent, and in an opposite direction, due to the return spring. 13. Valve device according to claim 4, wherein the measuring stem comprises at least two axially offset peripheral grooves, a distance that separates the two peripheral grooves being substantially equal to a distance that separates the outlet opening of the storage reservoir and the through-opening of the sheath.