1. Beverage preparation apparatus for preparing a beverage comprising: a water tank for storing water;a brewing unit for receiving a dose of beverage ingredients;a water line for supplying water from the water tank to the brewing unit including a pressure pump for supplying pressurized liquid to the brewing unit and a fluid heater for heating liquid;a control unit for selectively controlling the activation of the pressure pump;a fluidic interrupter positionable in fluidic interruption position for interrupting the fluidic communication between the water tank and the water line and, reversely, positionable in fluidic communication position for restoring the fluid communication between the water tank and the water line; andthe control unit is arranged for automatically activating an anti-freeze mode by activating the fluidic interrupter in fluidic interruption position and by running the pressure pump to at least partially empty the water line from water contained therein. 2. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the fluidic interrupter is driven by an electrical motor controllable by the control unit between the fluidic interruption position and a fluidic communication position. 3. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 2, comprising a fluidic metering device in the water line for providing to the control unit information indicative of the flow rate of liquid in the water line and the control unit is arranged for stopping the pressure pump after the flow rate falls below a predetermined threshold. 4. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the control unit is arranged for receiving information related to a power status of an external electrical power circuit and for activating the anti-freeze mode as a response to such information, such as in response to an information indicating that the status of an vehicle's electrical power circuit is no longer under power. 5. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the control unit is arranged for receiving information as to a temperature indication from at least one temperature sensor sensing ambient air or liquid and for activating the anti-freeze mode as a response to such temperature information, such as in response to an information indicating that the temperature of ambient air and/or liquid falls below at least one predetermined threshold. 6. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the brewing unit is openable for insertion of the dose of beverage ingredients in brewing chamber and closable for brewing the dose of beverage ingredients in the brewing chamber, by means of a motorization unit comprising an electrical motor and wherein, in the antifreeze mode, the control unit activates the electrical motor to open the brewing unit when running the pressure pump to at least partially empty the brewing chamber from water contained therein. 7. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 6, comprising an electrical accumulator arranged for supplying low-voltage electrical current to the fluidic interrupter, the activation motor of the brewing unit, the pressure pump, and the control unit. 8. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the water tank and the water line are removably and fluidically connectable via a coupling comprising a first coupling part at an outlet of the water tank and a second coupling part at an inlet of the water line and the fluidic interrupter being arranged for separating such coupling parts for interrupting the fluid communication and for re-engaging the coupling parts for restoring the fluid communication. 9. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the first coupling part comprises a one-way valve and the second coupling part comprises an opening member for opening the one-way valve during engagement the one-way valve being associated with an elastic return for closing the outlet of the water tank when the fluidic interrupter is in fluidic interruption position. 10. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the fluidic interrupter comprises an activation member connected, via a transmission, to the electrical motor for moving the second coupling part relative to the first coupling part between the fluidic interruption position and the fluidic communication position. 11. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the activation member is arranged to be moved along an axial direction relative to outlet of the water tank such as by comprising a thread linking with a geared wheel of the transmission. 12. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the water tank comprises a bottom wall and a plurality of side walls, the side walls forming an angle relative to the bottom wall comprised between 91 and 100 degrees. 13. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the water tank comprises a lid arranged for closing with the side walls of the water tank in a liquid tight manner. 14. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the lid comprises a pressure-relief valve arranged for allowing fluid to escape the water tank above a certain internal pressure applied thereon. 15. Beverage preparation apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the pressure-relief valve is a slit valve such as made of silicone, EPDM or TPE. 16. Vehicle comprising a beverage preparation apparatus for preparing a beverage comprising a water tank for storing water, a brewing unit for receiving a dose of beverage ingredients, a water line for supplying water from the water tank to the brewing unit including a pressure pump for supplying pressurized liquid to the brewing unit and a fluid heater for heating liquid, a control unit for selectively controlling the activation of the pressure pump, a fluidic interrupter positionable in fluidic interruption position for interrupting the fluidic communication between the water tank and the water line and, reversely, positionable in fluidic communication position for restoring the fluid communication between the water tank and the water line, and the control unit is arranged for automatically activating an anti-freeze mode by activating the fluidic interrupter in fluidic interruption position and by running the pressure pump to at least partially empty the water line from water contained therein.