1. Device for producing a frothed liquid comprising: a chamber opened to the atmosphere having a transverse bottom wall and a longitudinal upward wall,at least one diluent inlet,at least one liquid delivery outlet,the diluent inlet is provided through the upward wall and directs a jet of diluent into the chamber,the liquid delivery outlet is configured in the bottom wall for enabling liquid to rise up along the side of the upward wall by the jet of diluent entering the chamber as a result of the direction and dimension of the diluent inlet in the chamber. 2. Device according to claim 1, wherein the total surface area of the liquid delivery outlet is determined so that the evacuation flow rate by gravity of the liquid through the outlet is lower than the filling flow rate of the chamber in diluent through the diluent inlet. 3. Device according to claim 1, wherein a single liquid delivery outlet is provided in the bottom wall having a cross section smaller than 12.6 mm<2>. 4. Device according to claim 1, comprising a plurality of liquid delivery outlets provided in the bottom wall wherein each individual outlet has a cross section smaller than 1.52 mm<2>. 5. Device according to claim 1, wherein the liquid delivery outlet is provided in the center of the bottom wall. 6. Device according to claim 1, wherein the bottom wall comprises at least one liquid delivery outlet closed by an openable valve using external control means for delaying the liquid delivery from the outlet. 7. Device according to claim 1, wherein the diluent inlet has a diameter of between 0.2 and 1 mm. 8. Device according to claim 1, wherein the diluent inlet is oriented along a direction inside the chamber which is offset relative to the longitudinal central axis (O) of the chamber. 9. Device according to claim 1, wherein the diluent inlet is oriented in a direction so that the ratio of the orthogonal distance “d” to the radius “r” of the chamber is between 0.2 and 0.9. 10. Device according to claim 1, wherein the diluent inlet is inclined downwardly in direction toward the bottom wall at an angle (b) relative to a transversal plane. 11. Device according to claim 10, wherein the angle (b) relative to transversal plane of the chamber is between 5 and 30 degrees. 12. Device according to claim 1, comprising two diluent inlets located at different heights of the chamber upward wall. 13. Device according to claim 1, comprising at least one baffle means placed at least partially across the chamber. 14. Device according to claim 13, wherein at least one baffle means is placed above the diluent inlet. 15. Device according to claim 14, comprising a plurality of baffles vertically oriented along and/or inclined relative to the longitudinal central axis. 16. Device according to claim 13, wherein at least one baffle means faces at least one diluent inlet. 17. Device according to claim 16, wherein the baffle means are placed totally across the chamber and comprise orifices. 18. Device according to claim 17, wherein the baffle means are a sieve. 19. Device according to claim 18, wherein the sieve comprises a number of eyes per cm<2 >of between 50 and 100. 20. Device according to claim 16, comprising two diluent inlets, one diluent inlet being placed above the baffle means. 21. Device according to claim 1, wherein the chamber comprises a conduit placed at the top of the chamber the conduit providing a liquid outlet allowing liquid to exit the chamber after the liquid has exceeded the chamber capacity. 22. Device according to claim 1, wherein it forms a disposable or recyclable cartridge which contains an amount of soluble ingredient. 23. Device according to claim 22, wherein the diluent inlet and air aperture are hermetically closed by at least one airtight removable membrane. 24. Beverage production apparatus comprising a device for producing a frothed liquid comprising: an opened chamber having a transverse bottom wall and a longitudinal upward wall,at least one diluent inlet,at least one liquid delivery outlet,the diluent inlet is provided through the upward wall and directs a jet of diluent into the chamber,the liquid delivery outlet is configured in the bottom wall for enabling liquid to rise up along the side of the upward wall by the jet of diluent entering the chamber as a result of the direction and dimension of the diluent inlet in the chamber comprising diluent feed means which is connectable to the diluent inlet. 25. Method for producing a frothed liquid in a beverage production apparatus comprising: providing a chamber with a transverse bottom wall and a longitudinal upward wall,dosing the chamber with soluble ingredient,feeding a diluent through a diluent inlet to create a jet of diluent in the chamber and mix the diluent with said soluble ingredient to dissolve it into a liquid,controlling the liquid flow delivered out of the chamber in such a manner that the liquid can rise up to a certain level along the side of the upward wall when diluent is fed into the chamber and for the liquid to form a sheared surface of liquid which is impacted, as a result of the direction and dimension of the diluent inlet in the chamber, by the jet of diluent, andstopping the diluent intake inside the chamber and draining the frothed liquid from the chamber at at least one outlet. 26. Method according to claim 25, comprising controlling the liquid flow delivered out of the chamber by delaying the liquid flow out of the chamber relative to the intake of diluent inside the chamber. 27. Method according to claim 25, comprising feeding the diluent in the chamber by passing the diluent through a diluent inlet and orienting the diluent jet in a direction inside the chamber which is offset relative to the longitudinal central axis of the chamber. 28. Method according to claim 27, wherein the oriented diluent jet is through a sieve placed across the chamber. 29. Method according to claim 25, wherein a soluble coffee ingredient is dosed in the chamber. 30. Method according to claim 25, comprising further rinsing the chamber by passing diluent through the diluent inlet after draining of the frothed liquid in the chamber and further draining the rinsing liquid. 31. A device for producing a frothed liquid comprising: a chamber having a bottom wall and an upward wall,at least one diluent inlet,at least one liquid delivery outlet,the diluent inlet is so constructed and arranged dimensioned and oriented for directing a jet of diluent into the chamber,the liquid delivery outlet is located in the bottom wall is so constructed and arranged that liquid rises up along the side of the upward wall as a result of the jet of diluent from the diluent inlet in the chamber.