1. A method of processing an implant order, the method comprising the steps of: a. producing a variety of prosthesis pre-forms having a dense outer shell resembling cortical bone and a low density core or hollow centre resembling cancellous hone, the pre-form sized so as to allow for optional secondary machining to a final desired shape without breaking through the dense outer shell into the low density core, the pre-forms thereby having a structure close to that of natural bone and a geometry suited to the needs of a class of patients;b. selecting the pre-form which best matches the needs of a particular patient or class of patients;c. as necessary, machining and finishing the pre-form to better conform to the particular patient or class of patients;d. sterilizing the pre-form; ande. packaging the sterilized pre-form for delivery of the preform to suit the needs of doctor and the particular patient or class of patients. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-form is formed of plastic material. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the method comprises adding barium sulphate to the pre-form. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-form is formed of PEEK® plastic. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-form has a desired flexibility for the same external geometry. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-form has a desired density for the same external geometry. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-form has a desired stiffness for the same external geometry. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-form is formed to have a highly crystallised surface thereby allowing significant reductions in friction coefficient with a paired material. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-form is formed to minimize material use while maintaining required characteristics. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein an anti--infection agent is injected within the pre-form. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the anti-infection agents comprise silver ions. 12. A pre-form prosthesis having a dense outer shell and a low density core, the pre-form sized so as to allow for secondary machining to a final desired shape without breaking through the dense outer shell, the pre-forms having a structure close to that of natural bone and a geometry suited to the needs of a class of patients. 13. The pre-form of claim 12, wherein the pre-form has an external configuration suitable for a first class of patients and an outer shell having a thickness so as to extend to a depth into the outer shell at which a suitable external surface can be formed by secondary machining while leaving a wall thickness allowing a prosthesis machined from the pre-form to suit a second class of patients. 14. The pre-form of claim 13, wherein the first class is a largest size class of patients and the second class is a smallest size class of patients, thereby allowing a single pre-form to suit anticipated needs of most patients. 15. A joint implant comprising: a foamed inner core joint implant blank, and an over-molded, non-foamed PEEK layer surrounding the foamed inner core blank providing a final implant component geometry. 16. A joint implant of claim 15, further comprising: a PEEK joint implant substrate, and a diamond like carbon outer layer, the diamond like carbon outer layer positioned to provide as hearing surface and, the foamed PEEK substrate being inward of the carbon outer layer, and the diamond like carbon outer layer covering some or all of the substrate. 17. The implant of claim 16, in which the diamond like carbon outer layer substantially completely encapsulates the substrate. 18. The implant of claim 16, in which the PEEK substrate is reinforced with carbon and/or carbon fibers. 19. A The method of claim 1, wherein the prosthesis preforms are made using application algorithms for forming a standard shape foamed joint implant blank, and over--molding a thin layer of non-foamed PEEK material onto the standard shaped foamed blank to obtain a final implant component geometry, whereby the blank is at least partially encapsulated by the over-molded thin layer. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising adding barium sulphate to the implant or component thereof. 21. (canceled) 22. (canceled) 23. (canceled) 24. (canceled) 25. (canceled) 26. (canceled) 27. (canceled) 28. 28. 29. (canceled) 30. A method for creating a plurality of joint implants using a system operated by operating software, the method comprising: a) creating a substantially hollow core,b) surrounding the substantially hollow core with an outer layer mimicking the density of an exterior of a naturally occurring bone, andc) surrounding the substantially hollow core with an inner layer, the inner layer disposed beneath the outer layer and above the substantially hollow core, in which the inner layer is less dense than the outer layer, and in which the inner layer optionally mimicking the bone density of an interior portion of the naturally occurring bone. 31. (canceled)