1. The invention claimed is: 1. An exchangeable cartridge for a portion dispenser arranged for storing and dispensing a plurality of beverage items for the preparation of beverages, the exchangeable cartridge comprising: an elongated hollowed storage member comprising an interior configured to hold the plurality of beverage items, the elongated hollowed storage member comprising a closed end and an open end, the open end comprising an exit opening, anda closure cap adapted to connect in a removable manner to the elongated hollowed storage member at the open end of the elongated hollowed storage member and to be sealed to the elongated hollowed storage member through a removable complementary connection,the closure cap comprises a locking member configured to complementarily fit with a keying member of the portion dispenser, allowing the closure cap to be removed from the elongated hollowed storage member when connected to the portion dispenser and to be re-connected to the elongated hollowed storage member before being disconnected from the portion dispenser,the locking member comprises a receiving cavity of non-circular shape for receiving an expandable terminal portion of the keying member, and the locking member further comprises an entry passage for selective insertion of the expandable terminal portion of the keying member. 2. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the interior of the elongated hollowed storage member is protected from ambient air and/or moisture, and the elongated hollowed storage member and closure cap are sealingly closed in such a manner to prevent exchange of gas with the ambient air when the closure cap is in a sealed connecting position with the elongated hollowed storage member. 3. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the interior of the elongated hollowed storage member is protected from UV light in order to preserve the plurality of beverage items from the effects of UV light. 4. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of beverage items are spherical and essentially made of a compacted ingredient selected from the group consisting of powder, flakes, fibers, leaves, fruit pieces and combinations thereof. 5. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of beverage items are essentially made of compacted powder having a density between 0.5 and 1.2 g/cm<3>. 6. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of beverage items are essentially made of compacted roast and ground coffee. 7. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of beverage items are essentially made of compacted soluble coffee or tea. 8. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of beverage items are free of non-food material cover. 9. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the closure cap and the elongated hollowed storage member are connected in a force-fitting and/or form-fitting manner. 10. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the removable complementary connection comprises a thread of the closure cap arranged with a complementary thread of the elongated hollowed storage member. 11. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the receiving cavity comprises a first engagement surface for torque transmission by the terminal portion of the keying member, the torque transmission releasing the closure cap from the elongated hollowed storage member. 12. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 11, wherein the locking member comprises a second engagement surface transversally or radially arranged relative to the opening of the elongated hollowed storage member, and the second engagement surface is configured for torque transmission by the keying member for re-connecting the closure cap to the elongated hollowed storage member. 13. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 12, wherein the first engagement surface and the second engagement surface protrude internally from the receiving cavity towards a center of the receiving cavity and wherein the first engagement surface and the second engagement surface are positioned opposite to each other for being engaged selectively depending on a direction of rotation of the keying member. 14. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the entry passage comprises a circular opening smaller than a larger dimension of the receiving cavity, and the entry passage provides an inner shoulder enabling an axial engagement of the expandable terminal portion of the keying member during removal of the closure cap. 15. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 1, wherein an outer surface of the closure cap comprises outwardly oriented and retractable tongues arranged for engaging complementarily shaped through-openings of the open end of the elongated hollowed storage member, the receiving cavity of the locking member comprises an elastic actuation member arranged across the receiving cavity, and the elastic actuation member is configured for being engaged by the expandable terminal portion of the keying member to retract the tongues upon engagement of the expandable terminal portion in the receiving cavity. 16. An exchangeable cartridge for a portion dispenser arranged for storing and dispensing a plurality of beverage items for the preparation of beverages, the exchangeable cartridge comprising: an elongated hollowed storage member comprising an interior configured to hold the plurality of beverage items, the elongated hollowed storage member comprising a closed end and an open end, the open end comprising an exit opening, anda closure cap adapted to connect in a removable manner to the elongated hollowed storage member at the open end of the elongated hollowed storage member and to be sealed to the elongated hollowed storage member through a removable complementary connection,the closure cap comprises a locking member configured to complementarily fit with a keying member of the portion dispenser, allowing the closure cap to be removed from the elongated hollowed storage member when connected to the portion dispenser and to be re-connected to the elongated hollowed storage member before being disconnected from the portion dispenser,the locking member comprises a hollow receiving cavity of a deformable character for receiving a terminal portion of the keying member, and the locking member further comprises an entry passage for selective insertion of the terminal portion of the keying member, a transversal cross-section of the entry passage is smaller than a transversal cross-section of the hollow receiving cavity and a transversal cross-section of the terminal portion of the keying member, and the deformable character of the hollow receiving cavity is configured for expanding the receiving cavity upon insertion of the terminal portion. 17. The exchangeable cartridge according to claim 16, wherein the hollow receiving cavity comprises radially arranged first and second engagement surfaces forming longitudinally extending grooves at an inner surface of the hollow receiving cavity, and the longitudinally extending grooves are complementarily shaped with longitudinally extending ribs at an outer surface of the terminal portion of the keying member.