1. A plant for manufacturing electric or hybrid vehicles, said plant including on a site at least one assembly space for assembling said vehicles in which no operation of transformation of steel is carried out, thereby eliminating most toxic emissions, the production of chemical or other waste, sound pollution, vibration, odors, dust and the consumption of water so that said plant can be located near or in residential zones. 2. The plant as claimed in claim 1 further including on said site at least one of the following elements: a showroom open to the public and intended for vehicle purchasing; a retrofit space intended for the renovation of ageing vehicles to give them a second life; a recycling space intended for recycling components of vehicles at end of life; an ASS space intended for the repair of vehicles in circulation and for changing elements of said vehicles; a battery building dedicated to the storage of and the fitting of propulsion batteries in said vehicles, said battery building being separated from the rest of said plant by one or more fire breaks. 3. The plant as claimed in claim 1 in which polymer bodies are ground up in its recycling space. 4. The plant as claimed in claim 1 carrying out a change of body on a vehicle in circulation in its ASS space. 5. The plant as claimed in claim 1 functioning in a semi knocked down (SKD) system in which subassemblies arrive in said plant pre-assembled and pre-inspected after which said subassemblies are assembled in the assembly space to produce the finished vehicle. 6. The plant as claimed in claim 1 intended for the assembly of vehicles comprising four modules: a front subframe module, a rear subframe module, a central platform chassis module and a body module. 7. The plant as claimed in claim 6 in which the bodies are made of polymer and produced on site in the assembly building. 8. The plant as claimed in claim 6 in which said chassis modules arrive already partially or completely assembled and are assembled in the assembly building to form the chassis. 9. The plant as claimed in claim 1 in which said battery building is a rudimentary building of small size, thus having a low cost of construction and adapted to be rapidly reconstructed or renovated at lower cost in the event of an incident. 10. The plant as claimed in claim 1 including at least one space dedicated to the erection of a battery tent separated from the rest of said plant by one or more fire breaks, said battery tent being usable to carry out the operations intended to be carried out in the battery building if the latter is not functional. 11. The plant as claimed in claim 10 including at least one workshop building separated from the rest of said plant by one or more fire breaks and dedicated to operations of adjustment, inspection, repair, ASS, retrofit, recycling or other operations on vehicles fitted with propulsion batteries. 12. The plant as claimed in claim 11 in which said workshop building is a rudimentary building of small size, thus having a low cost of construction and adapted to be rapidly reconstructed or renovated at lower cost in the event of an incident. 13. The plant as claimed in claim 11 including at least one space dedicated to the erection of a temporary shelter, such as a workshop tent, separated from the rest of said plant by one or more fire breaks, said shelter being usable to carry out the operations intended to be carried out in the workshop building if the latter is not functional. 14. A method of manufacturing vehicles, in particular battery-powered vehicles, based on the layout of a plant as described in the present application or executed by a plant as claimed in claim 1. 15. A method of manufacturing vehicles, in particular battery-powered vehicles, by the following process: modules or module parts intended to form a vehicle are manufactured in a dedicated and decentralized plant;the modules or parts thereof are taken by non-polluting or low pollution transport means to a centralized assembly plant near customers;elements of the vehicle, such as the body for example, are produced in the assembly plant;modules, parts of modules and elements of the vehicle are assembled in dedicated parts of the assembly plant, some dedicated parts of the plant being intended to be sacrificed in the event of problems and replaced by equivalent and temporary or non-temporary parts in order to prevent halting or reducing production;in the same assembly plant there are provided parts dedicated to sales, repairs, replacement, maintenance, retrofitting, dismantling, recycling and recovery of modules or parts of modules of existing vehicles or complete vehicles.