We claim: 1. 1. A heat exchanger on a motor vehicle comprising a chassis and a liquid cooling system which is connected to an inlet and an outlet of said heat exchanger for circulation of cooling liquid through said heat exchanger, said chassis comprising at least one tubular chassis member made of a heat conducting material and hollow for circulation of air, wherein said heat exchanger comprises an outer sleeve hermetically mounted around said chassis member to form a hollow cylindrical cavity therebetween, said chassis member having an external surface which also forms an internal surface of said heat exchanger. 2. 2. A heat exchanger according to claim 1, characterised in that said tubular hollow member is made of a heat conducting material. 3. 3. A heat exchanger according to claim 1, wherein said sleeve comprises two internal edges each formed so as to have two hollow annular embossings for receiving O-rings assuring water tightness between said sleeve and said chassis member. 4. 4. A heat exchanger according to claim 3, wherein one of said two hollow annular embossings is realised in a deformable part of the internal edge said part being deformable by the effect of a pressure, whereby the O-ring received in said one of said two annular embossings is compressed onto said external surface of said chassis member following the positioning of said exchanger on said tubular member. 5. 5. A heat exchanger according to claim 3, wherein each of said internal edges contains one of said O-rings, which is received in one of said two embossings of said edge in an initial position of said sleeve, and in the other embossing in a definitive position of said sleeve along said chassis member for assuring water tightness of said heat exchanger. 6. 6. A heat exchanger according to claim 1, said heat exchanger being mounted in the vehicle with a longitudinal axis of said heat exchanger substantially parallel to a longitudinal direction of said vehicle. 7. 7. A heat exchanger according to claim 1, said outer sleeve being made of sheet metal and having an external cylindrical surface with a corrugated profile. 8. 8. A heat exchanger on a motor vehicle comprising a chassis and a liquid cooling system which is connected to an inlet and an outlet of said heat exchanger for circulation of cooling liquid through said heat exchanger, said chassis comprising at least one hollow cylindrical chassis member,wherein said heat exchanger is hermetically mounted around said chassis member to form a hollow cylindrical cavity therebetween, said chassis member having an external surface which also forms an internal surface of said heat exchanger, andwherein said heat exchanger comprises two internal edges each being formed so as to have two hollow annular embossings for receiving two O-rings assuring water tightness between said heat exchanger and said chassis member. 9. 9. A heat exchanger according to claim 8, wherein one of said hollow annular embossings is realised in a deformable part of one of said internal edges, said part being deformable by a pressure prevailing in said cavity, whereby an O-ring received in said one of said hollow annular embossings is compressed onto said external surface of said chassis member. 10. 10. A heat exchanger according to claim 8, wherein said chassis member is made of an aluminum-based material. 11. 11. A heat exchanger according to claim 8, wherein said chassis member is arranged longitudinally in said vehicle. 12. 12. A heat exchanger according to claim 8, being made in sheet metal and having an external cylindrical surface having a corrugated profile. 13. 13. A heat exchanger on a motor vehicle having a chassis and a liquid cooling system, said chassis comprising at least one hollow tubular chassis member through which air may pass, said heat exchanger comprising said chassis member in combination with an outer heat exchanger member hermetically mounted around said chassis member to form a hollow cavity between said chassis member and said outer heat exchanger member, said chassis member having an external surface which is also an internal surface of said heat exchanger, said heat exchanger further comprising an inlet and an outlet for connecting said cavity to the vehicle cooling system. 14. 14. A heat exchanger as claimed in claim 13 wherein said chassis member extends substantially parallel to a longitudinal axis of the motor vehicle. 15. 15. A heat exchanger as claimed in claim 13, wherein said hollow cavity is cylindrical. 16. 16. A heat exchanger as claimed in claim 13, wherein said inlet and outlet are disposed in said heat exchanger member.