1. A machine for preparing a beverage comprising: a body comprising a fluid line extending from a liquid inlet to a beverage outlet;a liquid tank that has an outlet connected to the liquid inlet; anda carrier assembled to the body for carrying the liquid tank; andthe carrier is movable with the liquid tank as a unit inwards into the body into an operative position for supplying liquid to the liquid inlet and outwards from the body into a service position. 2. The machine of claim 1, comprising a waste collector for collecting waste material. 3. The machine of claim 2, wherein the waste collector is carried by the carrier so that the carrier is movable with the liquid tank and the waste collector as a unit inwards into the body into an operative position for collecting waste material and outwards from the body into a service position for emptying the waste collector. 4. The machine of claim 3, wherein the waste collector is located adjacent to the liquid tank when carried by the carrier. 5. The machine of claim 1, wherein the liquid tank is removable from the carrier in the service position, the outlet of the liquid tank being disconnectable from the liquid inlet. 6. The machine of claim 5, wherein the tank comprises a connector for fastening the tank to the carrier. 7. The machine of claim 1, wherein the tank comprises a handle for lifting the tank and/or for operating a lid of the tank between an open and a closed position. 8. The machine of claim 1, wherein the carrier comprises a holding member holding the tank. 9. The machine of claim 1, wherein the liquid inlet of the body's fluid line is fixed to the carrier. 10. The machine of claim 1, wherein the body has an ingredient inlet for supplying to the fluid line. 11. The machine of claim 10, comprising an ingredient supply gate that has an open configuration for allowing a transfer of the flavoring ingredient along the ingredient inlet to the fluid line and a closed configuration for preventing the transfer of the flavoring ingredient along the ingredient inlet to the fluid line. 12. The machine of claim 1, wherein the body defines a seat for receiving the unit. 13. The machine of claim 1, wherein the body comprises a main outside housing. 14. The machine of claim 1, wherein the beverage outlet is mounted in an outlet head of the body that is retractable into a rest position and is deployable into a beverage dispensing position. 15. The machine of claim 1, comprising: a bottom that has a periphery, the bottom forming a foot for placing such machine on an external support surface in an orientation for dispensing a beverage via the beverage outlet; andan outside face that is user-visible when the machine is placed on the bottom, the outside face extending along substantially the entire periphery. 16. The machine of claim 1, comprising: a bottom that has a periphery; andat least one resilient member at the periphery of the bottom to form a vibration-dampening foot for placing such machine on an external support surface in an orientation for dispensing a beverage via the beverage outlet,the resilient member is water-repellent and extends generally along the periphery to prevent passage beyond the member of water-based liquid on the external support surface to underneath the bottom.