1. The invention claimed is: 1. A portion dispenser system comprising a portion dispenser and at least one exchangeable cartridge, the portion dispenser configured for dispensing beverage items from the at least one exchangeable cartridge, the portion dispenser comprising: a frame with a receiving portion configured to receive the at least one exchangeable cartridge;a discharge opening next to the receiving portion and sized for allowing a beverage item to be individually discharged by gravity from the at least one exchangeable cartridge;a moving member assembly comprising a moving member and a moving member housing in which the moving member is configured to move therein;wherein the moving member is configured to provide a discharge chamber for discharge of the beverage item therein and to transport the beverage item to a dispensing area;wherein the moving member assembly is configured to connect with the at least one exchangeable cartridge, the moving member assembly comprising a member configured to open the at least one exchangeable cartridge to allow the discharge of the beverage item in the discharge chamber and configured to re-close the at least one exchangeable cartridge, wherein a closure cap is removably attached to a tubular storage member of the at least one exchangeable cartridge;wherein the moving member is axially or laterally arranged relative to the discharge opening and inside the moving member housing to move between an extended position in which the moving member comes at or next to the discharge opening to support the beverage item and a retracted position in which the discharge chamber is defined as a function of the retraction distance of the moving member relative to the discharge opening to receive the beverage item discharged from the at least one exchangeable cartridge; andwherein the moving member comprises a terminal portion configured to connect to the closure cap removably attached to the tubular storage member of the at least one exchangeable cartridge, and wherein the closure cap of the tubular storage member is configured to move with the terminal portion of the moving member between the retracted position and the extended position. 2. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one exchangeable cartridge comprises: the tubular storage member comprising an interior for accommodating a plurality of the beverage items, the tubular storage member comprising a closed end and an open end comprising an exit opening, wherein the tubular storage member comprises an attachment portion at or next to the exit opening and connectable to at least one tubular surface of the receiving portion; andthe closure cap configured to connect to the tubular storage member at the open end of the tubular storage member in a removable and sealable manner through a removable complementary connection of the tubular storage member and the closure cap. 3. The portion dispenser system according to claim 2, wherein the closure cap of the at least one exchangeable cartridge comprises a locking member configured to complementarily fit with a keying member of the portion dispenser and to allow the closure cap to be removed from the tubular storage member and to be re-connected to the tubular storage member. 4. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein an interior of the at least one exchangeable cartridge is protected from an ambient environment by vacuum or inert gas, and wherein the tubular storage member and the closure cap are sealingly closed to prevent an exchange of gas and/or moisture with the ambient environment when the closure cap is in a sealed connected position with the tubular storage member. 5. The portion dispenser system according to claim 4, wherein the beverage items are spherical. 6. The portion dispenser system according to claim 5, wherein the beverage items are compacted balls of roast and ground coffee. 7. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the moving member assembly is configured to sealingly connect with the at least one exchangeable cartridge. 8. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the receiving portion comprises at least one tubular surface configured to couple with the at least one exchangeable cartridge in a substantially vertical or inclined arrangement of the at least one exchangeable cartridge to allow discharge of the beverage items by gravity. 9. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the terminal portion of the moving member forms at least a part of the keying member configured to complementarily fit with the locking member of the closure cap configured to be removed from the tubular storage member of the exchangeable cartridge. 10. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the moving member assembly is moveably mounted relative to the frame, the moving member assembly configured to move the discharge chamber between a discharge position in which the moving member is situated in axial relationship with the discharge opening and a dispensing position in which the moving member is situated in axial relationship with a dispensing opening of the frame. 11. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the moving member assembly comprises a shutter configured to sealingly close the discharge opening as the moving member housing moves the moving member to the dispensing area. 12. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the member comprises a moving member actuator configured to drive the moving member in a reciprocal axial path. 13. The portion dispenser system according to claim 1, wherein the moving member assembly is rotatably mounted to the frame. 14. The portion dispenser system according to claim 7 comprising a sealed connection between the moving member assembly and the at least one exchangeable cartridge, and the sealed connection is configured to limit or avoid significant ingress of ambient air at the connection during opening and re-closing of the exchangeable cartridge.